Added missing steps of adding a filter to the view (#20)
govcms-training/site-builder: unit-8-site-building-exercises/job-list-dropdown-filter.md

  * 1. Click Save and edit

**Configure the view**

> Using experience from previous units, add and expose to the site visitors a filter by terms of employment. Use the preview screen below the view builder to accomplish this task. Save the view in the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based to knowledge acquired from previous units in this manual, add a filter by terms of employment, and expose to the site visitors. Use the preview section located below the view configuration form to accomplish this task. Once you are happy with how it has been configured, save the view.
```
